
Important Note:- Please generate your json by following the instructions at "accessGoogleSheetSteps" file.
Because of a Google security concern i have edited my json.


=> Small steps the best way to access Google Sheets only once. and how to use it in testing automation.

1- Search at url bar — "Cloud console"
2- Create A Virtual Machine on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) by clicking this link
3- Go to "Console" in the top right corner of the screen now.
4- the first time a popup appears:- Check the box next to Test&Condition and click Open.
5- Now click the "New Project" icon to start a new project.
6- Fill in the details: 'APIAutomationGCP' is the project name, along with the organisation and location.
7- After create project — Search the ‘API & Services’ at search box.
8- It is now necessary to "Enable" the project's API. The 'Enable APIs and Services' button should be clicked.
9- Enter "Google Sheet API" into the list of APIs to find it. I clicked it. then select the "Enable" button.
Likewise, look for "google drive api" and turn it on.
10- The service name, Type, Public API, Enable, Version, v4 or v1 and v4, and the Status.
 We can see real-time data on how many requests have been received on the dashboard.
11- Creadentails at left navigation:-
   - Now create Credentials - Click on the ‘Create Credentials’ button at Top.
   - Always select the ’Service account'
    Click on ‘Create service account’. Fill point 1st the service account name.
   - Click on button ‘Create and Continue’.
   - Without fill point 2nd and 3rd click on ‘continue' and ‘done' button.

12- Create Private Keys:
”Downloads a file that contains the private key. Store the file securely because this key can't be recovered if lost."
A JSON will download witch have keys. These keys help to automate google application (google spreedsheet).
A popup will display:- ”Private key saved to your computer”

13- Now at ‘Details’ button - A Email id generated.
We will give the edit access to google sheet. By the help of this email id we will access the google sheet.
Copy the generated emai id and paste on the created google sheet share field. And give the Editor access to
this account (Pasted email account).
